AVPACK V1.20
   This Russion compressor has many similaritys with PKLITE.  The PKLITE
   routines are used to unpack this compressor.  However, it is not as good
   as PKLITE. It reports that files with a size which is a multiple of 512
   bytes contains an overlay and also it only stores the first 20h bytes of
   an exeheader making it impossible to do a complete restore.

COMPACK V4.4
   Programs compressed with this version of COMPACK will not run on a 486.
   The problem is updating the far jump to the adress the program is located.
   Due to the read ahead buffer in the 486 the code is already read before it
   is updated. The result is a jump to 0000:0000 probably causing a system
   crash. This is fixed in V4.5.

IMPLODER V1.0 Alpha
   This program seems te be rip of of COMPACK V4.4.  Except for a few
   instructions, the decode routine is exactly the same.

MEGALITE V1.5
   Like AVPACK, this compression looks very much like PKLITE.  This version
   however contains an instruction which changes 1 byte in the decompression
   routine.  I have not been able to find out what the use of this
   instruction is.  All it seems to do is screw up the code.  The instruction
   which causes this is: DEC BYTE PTR DS:[SI+012Ch].

PKLITE V1.00á
   This version does not compress files with a size which is a multiple of
   512 correctly.  Fortunately, "pklite -x" will restore them correctly!

PKLITE V1.14
   Starting with this version, the registered versions of PKLITE have the
   ability to add a signature in the PSP at 0x005C to allow the program to
   check if the program is still compressed.  Also new is that the decompress
   code of programs compressed with the -e options is scrambled.

PKLITE V1.15
   This version does not seem to detect OS2 or Windows files anymore and will
   compress them like normal EXE files.

PROTECT! EXE/COM V3.0
   This program adds a CRC check and scrambles COM and EXE files.  New in
   version 3.0 is the use of INT 1 (single step) and INT 3 (breakpoint) to
   prevent debugging.

PROTECT! EXE/COM V4.0
   The author claims to use mutating code to avoid unpacking. However this
   version could be unpacked with fixed breakpoints. New in this version is
   the use of int 2 and int 0 (using an invalid div)

PROTECT! EXE/COM V5.0
   New in this version is the use of a decryption header which is almost
   never the same.

PKTINY V1.0
   Thomas M”nkemeiers, known as the author of VGACopy, has written a small
   program which adds a pklite header to TINYPROGed programs. Most utils
   which identify other programs identify this incorrectly as a pklite'd
   file. What PKTINY actually does is compress a file with TINYPROG using
   options which instruct TINYPROG to leave space. After compressing it
   overwrites some code with the pklite header it retreives from some PKWare
   file. But it will let the entrypoint of the file point to a small piece of
   code which will make it act like a normal tinyprog file and then executes
   TINYPROG's decompression routine.

SHRINK V1.00
   This compressor uses the basic RLE (Run Lenghth Encoding) compression
   algorithm to decrease the size of a program.  Unfortunately the program
   contains at least 2 bugs.  One of the bugs is when the RLE byte is found
   followed by a 00 while decompressing, a 00 is placed in the program which
   should be the RLE byte.  The second bug is that the last byte of the
   compressed file is not written to disk.  Both of these bugs are triggered
   when all 256 bytes appear at least one time in the file.

TINYPROG V3.8
   Starting with this version, TINYPROG contains some code to redirect the
   debug interrupts.